Interviewer: So, Pat, what exactly is brainstorming, then?
Pat: Well, it's very simple. A smallish group of people, sometimes from a variety of backgrounds, get together and spontaneously express their thoughts about ways of solving a specific problem.
Interviewer: Do they prepare in advance/beforehand?
Pat: Preparation often isn't necessary. The thing is, at the brainstorming stage it's not the quality of the ideas that matters, but the quantity.
Interviewer: So it's okay to come up with crazy/cranky ideas?
Pat: Absolutely! In fact, the wilder they are, the better.
Interviewer: I suppose there's someone to lead the session, though.
Pat: Yeah. There's a group leader to state the problem clearly at the beginning/outset, and restate it later if necessary, but other than that everyone has equal status in the group.
Interviewer: Mm. That sounds interesting. Does that mean there are no guidelines to go by?
Pat: Not quite. In fact, there are rules to follow/respect if the brainstorming is to be successful.
Interviewer: Such as?
Pat: Well, for instance, only one person at a time is allowed to speak, and everyone has an equal chance to speak.
Interviewer: But surely the ideas need to be evaluated?
Pat: Of course, but that's done in a follow-up meeting.
Interviewer: Just one more question, then. Is there any interaction at all between the group members?
Pat: Yes, there is. Quite a lot, in fact. Participants are constantly encouraged to suggest combinations or modifications of ideas put forward/proposed by other members.
Interviewer: A kind of 'cross-fertilisation' I suppose. Well, thanks very much for your time, Pat.

****
The three linkers in order to, with a view to, so that, are used to express the purpose of something.

****
Globalisation has affected marketing strategies in many ways. In the past, for example, how to enter a market tended to be the main question.
Today, by contrast, international marketers ask themselves whether it is better to standardise or to adapt a product across different markets. Finding the right international mix has become one of the key questions, and answers vary greatly from company to company and from product to product. Coca-Cola, for example, has customised its soft drinks to every market. It is well known that Coke in Indonesia tastes different from Coke in the UK. Such a strategy is in stark contrast to Rolex's. Indeed, Rolex uses the same advertising message, and positions its watches in the same way the world over. Other companies strike a compromise between customising and standardising, and opt for a middle-of-the road strategy. Car manufacturers, for example, cannot afford to design a separate car for each market. However, they do need to think of country-specific differentiating features, as consumer tastes vary enormously from one country to another.

****
Dear Sir or Madam, 
I have pleasure in enclosing five copies of our new brochure, detailing the Strategic Leadership Programme and the Advanced Management Programme available here at the Bratislava Central European Institute for Management Development for entry next September.
I should be grateful if you could please 
forward
 the brochure as appropriate within your organisation, so that it is available to both the Head of Human Resources and employees when considering professional development options.
In addition, I enclose a poster which includes prepaid response cards and should be most grateful if you could arrange for this to be displayed.
Should you require further copies of either brochure or poster, please contact Igor Cutka at our Admissions Office by email on I.Cutka3@pk.uniba.sk.
Finally, I hope you and your staff find the brochure of interest.
Yours faithfully
Irena Trollerova 