GOOD COMMUNICATION
Good communication is vital for businesses. To put it in a (1) nutshell, if you can't communicate well, your business will probably go under. As time is money, it's best not to (2) beat around the bush at meetings. It's important to get straight to the (3) point. That doesn't mean you have to be rude, just clear and relevant. The last thing you want is to be talking at cross-(4) purposes, which will happen if you are not clear about what you are saying. Neither do you want to waste time talking to people who give you nothing back. Talking to a (5) brickwall is a total waste of time. Keeping people in the (6) picture is an important part of a good manager's role. You don't want people to get the (7) wrong end of the stick, do you? I've listened to many speeches and not been able to make head nor (8) tail of them because they were so muddled. It seemed as if the presenter was on a completely (9) different wavelength from everyone else in the room. Finally, don't always believe what you (10) hear on the grapevine. Check out the facts before you pass any information on.

Choose the correct option from the drop down menu.
11The new assistant manager is rather reserved. He doesn't say much or seem very confident.
12I'd like you to be more succinct in your summary. I don't need every minor detail, just a broad outline of the key points.
13It was very tactless of you to mention the mistake he made in front of everyone. He was very upset.
14His presentation wasn't particularly coherent. It didn't link together very well at all.
15His responses were completely vague. I learned nothing from them as there was no detail at all.
16You can get away with a lot using email instead of face-to-face meetings because it's easier to make excuses when no one can see you.
17Email is also a good way of directly pitching your ideas or products to someone powerful who you may not be able to meet otherwise.
18Could you please clarify what you mean exactly? I'm not sure I fully understand.
19The audience was extremely responsive to our product presentation and asked lots of questions. Some even placed big orders.
20The speaker kept digressing and talking about his own experiences instead of the main topic.

A:Xenon Components, Jan Johannsen speaking.
B:Hello Jan. Yoshi here from Tenta Manufacturing.
A:Hi Yoshi. How can I help you?
B:We need 10,000 more of the 125Z components.
A:Sorry, (21) it's a very bad line. I can't hear you. (22) Could you speak up please?
B:125Z components.
A:I still can't hear you very well. (23)Can I call you back?
B:Of course.
(Yoshi's phone rings)
A:Hi, Yoshi, Jan here, let's start again.
B:125Z – 10,000 units and we also need some of the 253S plastic sheets
A:Sorry, I didn't (24) catch that, it's a (25) really terrible connection. I don't know why.
B:253S plastic sheets.
A:Right got that.
B:And could you mark them for the attention of Fred Wymark?
A:(26)Could you spell that please?
B:W Y M A R K. At the Melbourne Park plant.
A:Sorry, I'm (27) not with you. You don't want them to go to the main factory?
B:No, not this time. This is a one-off delivery to them.
A:Ok. (28) Can I read that back to you? Fred Wymark at the Melbourne Park plant.
B:Do want the ………. (phone goes dead).
A:Good morning, Zenon Components.
B:Sorry Jan, (29) We were cut off just then. Have you got all the details?
A:I still can't hear you properly. I'm afraid I'll have to (30)get back to you later.