Study the following examples:
(1) BESIDES  organised crime and corruption, terrorism is also a grave cause of concern among executives.
(2) The company is losing direction. FURTHERMORE, its core products are losing appeal.
(3) Sophisticated fraud AS WELL AS  corruption and organised crime are seen as the driving factors behind the increase in risks.
(4) Their financial situation is precarious. MOREOVER, there has been recent bad press about poor working conditions in their overseas factories.
(5) There are financial risks involved IN ADDITION TO  legal and operational ones.

The words in CAPITAL above are used to: -- reinforce an idea, add information.

(1) We need executives who can manage strategic risks properly IN ADDITION TO being able to take decisive action whenever necessary.
(2) There are still very few investment opportunities in the region. BESIDES, a political crisis is looming.
(3) In order to increase our market share, we are considering a cut in our profit margin IN ADDITION TO a reduction in all our prices.
(4) What we need to do is always get up-to-date information about the risks we face AS WELL AS maintain good channels of communication between the key players in our company.
(5) Increased competition is a threat to the survival of our company. FURTHERMORE, we need to protect ourselves against negative changes in customer demand.
(6) It is clear that the risk of civil war has decreased. MOREOVER, the government appears to have the situation firmly under control.


Implementing a systematic approach to workplace safety will require a cultural change in many organizations and within the safety profession. All organizations need to nurture a 'safety culture'. Company policy and workstation practice must dictate that safety never takes a back seat to other interests. No one should tolerate a potentially disabling or life-threatening risk in the name of cost-cutting, productivity or any other priority.
Safety and health considerations must be an integral part of the operating policies of every organization. The consequences are too expensive when health and safety are seen as secondary.


Paula: I hear someone had a nasty fall in the staff restaurant at lunch time. 
Jeff: Pretty nasty, yes. You know Jim, don't you? 
Paula: Jim Perry from Accounts? 
Jeff: That's right, yes. Well, he slipped somewhere near the salad bar. 
Paula: Near the salad bar? But how did it happen? 
Jeff: Apparently, one of our attendants had spilt some oil, and was about to clean up, but too late. 
Paula: Oh dear. Poor Jim! Is he badly hurt? 
Jeff: A broken elbow, as well as a minor head injury. At least that's what Mary Dawson diagnosed. She called an ambulance straight away. 
Paula: Oh yeah. She's got a first-aid certificate, hasn't she? It's really good to have someone like her around. 
Jeff: Absolutely. We need people like her. Besides, we must also make sure canteen users are properly warned of wet or greasy surfaces. 