1 Money talks. 
>> (money gives you power) wealth gives power and influence to those who possess it
/Money talks in today’s harsh economic climate.

2 Don't put all your eggs in one basket. 
>> don't risk everything on the success of one venture
(не рискуй всем, что у тебя есть)

3 You have to speculate to accumulate. 
>>  returns can only come from good investment
(if you want to make money, you have to invest )
(“to speculate” переносный смысл (unpejoratively) -- means to execute trade or financial transactions in effort to make a profit.)

4 Don't throw good money after bad. 
прекрати инвестировать в то, что не работает.
>> incur further loss in a hopeless attempt to recoup a previous loss
(to waste money by spending more money on something that you have already spent money on and which is no good)
/Trying to fix that old car would just be throwing good money after bad.

5 Lend your money and lose a friend. 
>> You should not lend money to your friends; if you do, either you will have to bother your friend to repay the loan, which will make your friend resent you, or your friend will not repay the loan, which will make you resent your friend. 
-Bill: Joe needs a hundred dollars to pay his landlord. I'm thinking about lending it to him. 
-Alan: Lend your money and lose your friend.

6 Out of debt, out of danger. 
>> When we no longer owe money to anyone, we are safe and secure. 
The implication is that it is dangerous to owe anyone.

7 He who pays the piper calls the tune. 
>> the person who provides the money for an activity, business etc can make the decisions about it
(the person who provides the money for something has the right to determine how it's spent)
( the person who is paying someone to do something can decide how it should be done )
(кто платит волынщику, заказывает мелодию)

8 Beggars can't be choosers.
>> you have to accept anything that is offered to you, usually because you have no money or power
(people with no other options must be content with what is offered)
(said when you recognize that you must accept an offer or a situation because it is the only one available to you)


