I don't mean (1) to be (be) unkind, but my assistant is really driving me mad. This morning he forgot (2) to send (send) an urgent package which had to be delivered before 4pm. We've now lost one of our biggest customers as this isn't the first time he hasn't remembered (3) to send (send) them something. In fact, I remember (4) telling (tell) him last time that I would have (5) to fire (fire) him the next time. (6) Firing (Fire) people is not something I like (7) to do (do), especially when they have some good qualities. For example last month he suggested (8) raising (raise) the price of our leading product by a few pence. Everyone was against price rises, but he managed (9) to persuade (persuade) the directors it was a good idea and our income increased considerably. Based on this success, he wanted to change the customer services division but failed miserably. (10) Having (Have) made a mess of that, he still wouldn't stop trying to change things.

11) I'm sorry, but it just slipped my mind. I'll do it now.
12) The shop immediately gave me a refund for the faulty product.
13) Today many companies offer money-back guarantees to try to encourage people to buy and try their products.
14) I think we've been talking at cross purposes. Shall we start again?
15) Customers are loyal to those companies who are prepared to go the extra mile with their customer service.
16) We need to get to the bottom of this and find out what the real problem is.
17) Customer care staff are trained to develop a relation(*wrong) with their customers.
18) I think we were ripped off. We paid far too much for those chairs.
19) When you return goods, you need to show receipt(*wrong) of purchase.
20) It was the last straw when they refused to give me my money back, so I wrote a letter to the CEO.

B:Good morning. (21)How can I help you?
B:Well it's this mp3 player I bought last week.
A:(22)Really, go on.
B:I can't seem to download my music onto it.
A:(23)Could you be a bit more specific please?
B:Well, when I plug it into my computer, it says it's downloaded the music, but when I try to listen to it, I can't hear anything.
A:(24)Can't you? Mm, that's odd. (25)I'm not surprised you're upset. Let me have a look at it.
B:What are you going to do about it?
A:Well, just let me see if I can get it to work for you.
B:(26)Are you saying you think I don't know what I'm doing?
A:Not at all madam. It's just that sometimes the volume switch gets knocked.
B:(27)Does it? (28)So, you think it might just be the switch then?
A:Yes, I do. Ah, (29)that's interesting; it's definitely faulty. We'll replace the product for you immediately. (30) I'm really sorry forthe inconvenience. We'll also give you a discount voucher for your next purchase
B:Thank you.

