Practice file -- задания на стр 40
Practice file -- ответы на стр 84, 
Practice file -- audio scripts 94
Cource book -- unit 10 -- topic стр 83
Cource book -- unit 10 -- audio scripts стр 162
Teacher_39 - 41 (81)

CUSTOMER SERVICE
The way a company approaches customer service is one of the most important factors in determining its future success or failure. No matter what a company does, it is always in the business of providing customer service. If you take a look at companies that are not doing well or have gone under, one of their common features is their inability to deliver reliable and efficient customer service.
All successful companies, on the other hand, understand and deliver what their customers want and strongly believe in the value of customer service training for management and front-line employees.
Companies which fail to view customer service training as an investment are likely to remain in business only if they manage to keep a large number of first-time consumers. Moreover, they will probably end up losing market share and experiencing a drop in profits unless they keep introducing new products and spending massively on advertising. Successful companies, however, are the ones which have grasped that in today's extremely competitive marketplace, being good is just not good enough anymore. Customers have become much more demanding and expect nothing less than excellence in customer service.
One of the keys to success is for a company to develop efficient means of communication between management and employees. This invariably has a direct positive effect on the customer. As a matter of fact, a company which is good to work for is usually one which is good to do business with.

1) I intended to tell the manager a lot of customers had complained, but she was in a hurry and I completely forgot. IT SLIPPED MY MIND
2) If you are dissatisfied with their service, don't hesitate, talk about it directly and tell them what sort of compensation you expect. GET STRAIGHT TO THE POINT
3) When we are sure we are to blame for a problem, our policy is never to avoid responsibility. PASS THE BUCK
4) Avoid the Regency Hotel. They have a reputation for charging people far too much. RIPPING PEOPLE OFF
5) It is not enough just to compensate customers when their complaints are justified. We have to find the real cause of the problem to make sure it doesn't happen again. GET TO THE BOTTOM OF THE PROBLEM
6) Not only did they refuse to admit that the video I had bought wasn't working properly, but they also refused to give me a replacement. That was the last in a series of unpleasant events! THE LAST STRAW
7) I wanted a refund and they kept offering me a replacement. We were obviously misunderstanding each other. TALKING AT CROSS PURPOSES
8) Pilots have reacted in the right way by once again making a special extra effort  to solve problems and extend their working duties to maximum legal limits in order to minimise the suffering of customers. GOING THE EXTRA MILE

1) After listening to the customer's complaint, we try to suggest a number of solutions.
2) She had mentioned working as a customer care supervisor before.
3) They brazenly admitted ignoring all complaints.
4) We make a point of not letting the customer off the line until the query is fully resolved.
5) We know that being patient and polite always makes a good impression.
6) Increasing production may mean taking on extra staff at the weekend.

1) You won't go very far if you don't deal with your customers' complaints.
You won't go very far without dealing with your customers' complaints .
2) We spend a lot of money on training, and that's perfectly alright.
We don't mind spending a lot of money on training.
3) One thing they complained about all the time was our prices.
They never ceased complaining about our prices.
4) They said they didn't overcharge us.
They denied overcharging us.
5) I don't think it's a good idea to promise too much to the customer.
I think we should avoid promising too much to the customer.
6) I'm sorry I didn't take the customer feedback seriously enough.
I regret not taking the customer feedback seriously enough.

CAN use infinitive in "They never ceased complaining about our prices."
They never ceased to complain about our prices.

NEWS DIGEST
At Deltelfone, staff are encouraged TO PUT themselves in the customer's shoes and find a solution instead of OPTING for an easy way out.
As a cellphone service provider, Deltelfone endeavours to provide its customers with the highest level of service.
Miguel Fernandez, customer services director of the company, says the first priority is to ensure that customers receive their bills on time and that the accounts are accurate. Most people prefer to structure their monthly bill payments, and if bills are late it can inconvenience them, Fernandez says.
Billing on time requires having the appropriate technology in place. Deltelfone interacts with its customers through its franchised dealer network and through its own call centre.

Listen to how the consonants /p/, /t/ and /k/ are pronounced. Then listen again and practise saying the words.
policy, task, customer, repair, retain, recall

Then listen again and practise saying the phrases, paying particular attention to the aspirations.
1) customer  care
2) company  policy
3) peak  time
4) clear  intentions
5) cash  price
6) repair  person
7) progress  report

Listen to the pronunciation of do you / did you / would you.
1) How do you like working in a call centre?
2) Did you mention having worked abroad?
3) Would you mind filling in this form?
4) How do you deal with complaints?
5) Did you take part in any training?
In each example, the weak form /jə/ is used and is linked with the word before it:
/djə/ /dɪdjə/ /wʊdjə/.
Such sound simplifications often occur in informal speech. You may choose not to use them, but being aware of them may help improve your listening skills.