1We are a 32-bedroom, luxury hotel with a stunning  restaurant.
beautiful
2The ethos  of the kitchen spreads into everywhere else in the house.
values
3It is a retreat from the norm … 
a place where you can get away from the ordinary
4… we try to exceed  customers' expectations, … 
go beyond
5… we have to have empathy with  the client …
complete understanding of
6We also must provide consistent  standards of service. 
unvaryingly good
7… 'the standards you set  are the standards you get.'
establish


verb	noun
require	requirement
expect	expectation
increase	increase
complain	complaint
change	change

Ask the experts: Be clear what you stand for
Rita Clifton, UK chairman of Interbrand, the branding consultancy:
"If you are to have a sustainable business, you need to think brand first and product second. If you don't have your unique angle indelibly attached to your products, your growth is going to be capped and you will eventually hit a product brick wall."
"The first and most important thing is that you have got to be clear about what you stand for and what makes you different. It is not just about defining yourself against the competition you might have today. You have to look forward.
"Kodak, for example, got obsessed with all its traditional competition. The business didn't think fast enough about what was coming down the line. That is a very big ask for small businesses but you have to have absolute clarity. So the second important element is clarity. If you have a brand that is all about reliability, it is no good at all if you fail to return calls or send scruffy people to clients.
"Thirdly, you cannot stand still. Innocent, another good example, was originally about smoothies but they are very restless. They are always looking further out to how they can bring healthy unadulterated food to people."
David Molian, director of the Business Growth and Development Programme at Cranfield School of Management:
"There is certainly something about understanding what it is you are fundamentally good at and therefore are able to replicate. That is not to say that a great business will only be good at one thing. Entrepreneurs can expand their capabilities, but there is something in this core area of competence that they stick to, which provides them with that winning formula.
"Sir Richard Branson, for instance, started off by being hugely successful in the music industry, then being successful in the airline business. The expansion of the Virgin brand into other areas, however, has been because of his ability to act as a mini venture capitalist, picking the right sectors and the right people to back, where there is an opportunity to leverage the Virgin brand."


play
mute
00:00
1What is the topic of Lydia's presentation?
the company's benefits package
on-the-job teamwork
the basic training offered by the airline
2Who is she speaking to?
a group of new employees
the team responsible for training new employees
a group of experienced managers
3How many key elements are there to teamwork?
three
four
five
4What does Lydia say every team needs?
clear rules
well-defined roles for team members
a leader
5Which skill does she say is important for a team leader?
to be authoritarian
to be ruthless when it's necessary
to be decisive
6What does she say about knowledge and skills?
That the new employees already have some knowledge and skills.
That knowledge and skill can only be developed on the job.
That employees become fully trained in the first year of work.
7What does she say about rules?
The airline's rules are designed to stop bad or dangerous behaviour.
Everyone must follow the rules or they risk being sacked.
Rules create an efficient working environment.
8Which of these benefits of having clear rules does she mention?
Rules help reinforce the role of the team leader.
Following rules contributes to safety.
Rules help reduce serious communication problems.
9What does she say about mistakes?
The job of the team is to reduce mistakes.
Mistakes happen.
It's important for people to take responsibility for their mistakes.
10What does Lydia say is important about relationships among team members?
Open communication is essential.
A little friendly competition can be helpful.
The only practical way to do the job is to concentrate on your own work.



Venture capital hit by 'slump' in funding
i)The venture capital industry has 'slumped' after the credit crunch, according to the National Endowment for Science, Technology and the Arts. Investment in start-ups specialising in new technology has fallen 40 per cent in value over two years. Fundraising by venture capital companies has dropped 50 per cent to levels below those following the 2000 dotcom crash.
ii) The report from Nesta, an independent body funded by a Lottery endowment, will make discouraging reading for politicians hoping that innovation will help stimulate economic recovery. The reduction in access to funding means that fewer technology companies are likely to bring lucrative new products to market. The UK fell behind France in venture capital investment last year, reflecting weaker tax incentives.
iii) Mike Lynch, chairman of Nesta's investment committee and founder of Autonomy, a quoted software business valued at £4.4bn, said the debilitated state of UK venture capital was partly cyclical but added: 'There is a structural change that is more worrying. Venture capital firms that would have been happy investing £1m-£2m in a start-up have shifted to backing £100m private equity deals.' Mr Lynch said Apax, an early backer of Autonomy, "doesn't do that sort of deal any more". The Nesta chairman said venture-backed businesses were the feedstock from which big, successful technology companies grew. "It is hard to know how the economy will do well without a significant number of know-how-based companies in the FTSE 100. "He added that only two FTSE 100 companies – Autonomy and chip designer Arm – currently met those criteria and "we need another five or six".
iv) During 2009, venture capitalists invested just £677m in UK start-ups, a 27 per cent decline and the smallest amount for a decade. The number of investments fell 17 per cent to 266. New companies had the worst difficulties finding capital. 'Early-stage funding', as investment for these fragile fledglings is called, dropped 53 per cent by value.
v) Mark Prisk, business and enterprise minister, said on Wednesday: "The government recognises the importance of high-growth, innovative companies to the UK economy and the problems they can encounter accessing venture capital. That's why in last month's Budget we announced a new Enterprise Capital Fund to target innovative start-ups and a Growth Capital Fund to invest in small businesses needing venture finance to grow."
vi) Only 11 venture capital funds were able to raise capital in 2009 compared with 22 in 2008. Investors provided £574m, 64 per cent less than the year before. Institutions have been discouraged from investing in venture capital by its high risks and low returns. The collapse of dotcom investments earlier in the decade triggered heavy losses. Returns have been better over a 10-year period, with 54 per cent of UK exits recovering one to five times investors' outlays, compared with 27 per cent that failed to break even.
vii) Nesta, which is a significant venture investor, is optimistic about the future. The company believes we have reached the low point in venture capital's fortunes and that growth will soon return. As the economy recovers, exits through flotations and trade sales should increase, allowing companies to recycle profits into new investments and attract new institutional backers. Mr Lynch said: "This is the best time to invest because you can get in at a good price. In contrast, at the top of the cycle the number of good companies is the same but a lot more money is chasing them."

45The seminar starts at 10:00, but we're having a   breakfast at 8:30.
46We need to improve our training to   staff turnover.
47Everyone worked hard last year, but then in January everyone lost motivation. Let's think of a way to  everyone and increase sales again.
48We'll finally be in the black next year, after we're repaid our  .
49When we began, we got our   capital from friends and family.
50We   on the loan when we missed our January payment.

