to put it in a nutshell - короче говоря (...), вкратце, резюмируя все сказанное, Сказать в двух словах о, Если говорить кратко.


to get straight to the point - сразу перейти к делу 
\Let's not speak about secondary issues and get straight to the point.

to hear it on the grapevine -  подслушать (идиома), случайно услышать, До меня дошел слух
\I heard something on the grapevine - are you going to resign?

to put someone in the picture - информировать (кого-л.)
to give someone the information that they need to understand something

to get the wrong end of the stick -  совсем не так понять
a complete misunderstanding of a situation, explanation, etc

to be on the same wavelength - одинаково смотреть на вещи, понимать друг друга, найти общий язык, думать схожим образом, разделять взгляды к-л.

make head or tail of - понять (что-л.) разобраться в (чем-л.), 
(used with a negative) to attempt to understand (a problem, etc.)
can't make head nor tail of it/smth - to not be able to understand something
\he couldn't make head or tail of the case

to talk at cross-purposes - не понимать друг друга
at cross-purposes - conflicting; opposed; disagreeing.
-If two or more people are at cross purposes, they do not understand each other because they are talking about different subjects without realizing this:
\I think we've been talking at cross purposes - I meant next year, not this year.

to beat about the bush - ходить вокруг да около;
discuss a matter without coming to the point 
to avoid talking about what is important

to get it straight from the horse's mouth - из первоисточника, аутентичный, подлинный, от первого лица.
get straight from the horse's mouth - узнать (прямо) из первых уст 

to be like talking to the brick wall - 
talk to the brick wall

to keep someone in the loop
keep in the loop - держать в курсе, информировать
in (or out of) the loop -> aware (or unaware) of information known to only a privileged few

*****
air your views - express your opinions about something in public

be at a loss for words - unable to say anything because something surprising or totally unexpected has happened.
неспособный подобрать слова, молча, не смея ничего сказать, без единого слова
not knowing what to say, especially because you are very surprised or shocked

drop a hint - make a suggestion in an indirect way
намекнуть, give a hint or hints as if casually or unconsciously

give somebody the low-down - tell somebody all the information they want or need to know

keep somebody up to date - give somebodu regular information about things