I think the thing to remember is, the rules of communication haven't changed and I don't think there's anything included in technology that makes good communication easier. It can make it better but there are also many ways it could make it worse. So, I think there's four things that you need to bear in mind. 
The first thing is that you've got to remember, people have limited capacity - if you like, limited bandwidth which puts the burden on you as the communicator to think hard about what it is exactly you're attempting to communicate and make sure that you get it down as precisely as possible.


I think the thing to remember is, the (rules) principles of communication haven't changed and I don't think there's anything (included) inherent in technology that makes good communication easier. It can make it better but there are also many ways it could make it worse. So, I think there's four things that you need to (bear in mind) remember. 
The first thing is that you've got to remember, people have limited (capacity) attention – if you like, limited bandwidth – which puts the (burden) onus on you as the communicator to think hard about what it is exactly you're (attempting) trying to communicate and make sure that you get it down as (precisely) succinctly as possible.

If a presenter …
1) gives too much information, they dump vast amounts of data on people. 
2) has 41 slides, they shouldn't try to get through them all in 30 minutes. 
3) puts too much information on slides, they are too dense. 
4) reduces the information into a few key points, they distil the meaning into a small number of points. 
5) wants communication to be effective, there's got to be some sort of emotional connection in it.
6) uses technological tools, these tools could help or could hinder.

a system of recorded announcements - voicemail
a system of paths where you easily get lost - maze
a choice - option
a person - human being
the importance given to something - emphasis
how well and quickly something works - efficiency