DIRECTIVE
CENTRALISING
INSPIRING
EMPOWERING
AUTOCRATIC
FLEXIBLE
SOCIABLE
ORGANISED
LOGICAL
DECISIVE
IRRATIONAL

  Adjective		Opposite		Noun form
1 sociable 		unsociable		sociability
2 competent		incompetent		competence
3 loyal			disloyal		loyalty
4 considerate	inconsiderate	consideration
5 responsible	irresponsible	responsibility
6 decisive		indecisive		decision

1 Mark is not unsociable, he just doesn't like hanging out in pubs after work.
2 He didn't know his job at all. The tasks were obviously not within his competence.
3 Employees are free to look for, and accept, new jobs, but they must remain loyal to their employers during the remainder of employment.
4 If Ryanair planes don't have reclining seats, it is not out of consideration for long-legged customers, but to keep maintenance costs down.
5 It is extremely irresponsible to accuse a country of being the source of cyber attacks prior to any serious investigation. The consequences could be disastrous.
6 What do you mean, 'Maybe yes'? Sometimes I wish you were more decisive!

EFFECTIVE LEADERSHIP
As we all know, effective leadership is hard to define and even harder to find. 'Like parenthood,' says a Harvard psychologist, 'leadership will never be an exact science. However, research can help business leaders get a clearer picture of what it takes to lead effectively, in the same way as it has helped parents in recent years.'
One may wonder to what extent such an analogy is helpful. In fact, research on parenting provides very contradictory results, and there seems to be a theory to suit every opinion. In the end though, the majority of parents work things out for themselves through a process of trial and error.
But what about leadership? Different styles have been identified: democratic, coercive, coaching, authoritative, pacesetting, etc. A 'coercive' leader, for instance, would expect you to do as you were told, whereas a 'coaching' one might simply make a suggestion. Whether one is talking about parenting or leadership, the trick is of course to know which style to adopt when, and unfortunately research is not very useful in this respect. So it seems that for both parents and leaders, it is back to trial and error and gut instinct.

1 Pete knew he'd be late for the meeting. But he eventually got there, – just to find out it had been cancelled!
2 She wasn't sure whether to do her MBA at Burlington College or Durham Business School. Eventually she went for the latter, as it has a distance learning option.
3 We want to allow our staff to do the job they are paid to do. We're doing this by using technology to take the administration out of people's jobs.
4 If staff want to order a new PC, they can select the one they like online, get their manager to review it, and then send off the order to the supplier.
5 She became Commercial Manager only last September, but she already knew then that she would be able to initiate some sweeping changes.
6 Our company seems too attached to traditional values, whereas theirs has always been innovative and forward looking.

1  Many multinational companies are desperate for managers with international experience. Is it possible that 
they (multinational companies) are ignoring the potential within their (multinational companies) own ranks? Women in the United States account for 49 per cent of middle management ranks from which expatriates are typically chosen. But they (women in the United States) make up only 13 per cent of US managers sent abroad. A US organisation that seeks to promote women in business decided to study the question. Its (A US organisation) report, published this week, says women are being held back by preconceptions about their (women's) willingness to travel and about how other nationalities will react to them (women).
2  'Our firm runs leadership training courses for global companies and advises them (global companies) on how to develop their (global companies') executives', says Liz Cooper, a managing consultant at a leading recruitment and management consultancy. 'For example, if someone is not particularly good socially, we (our firm) would encourage the company to put them (employees) into roles where they (employees) are forced to work with people until they (employees) get better at it (being good socially) and so on.' The answer to whether leaders are born or made is probably as elusive as the secret of happiness. But that does not stop companies or their (companies') employees trying to find it (the answer to the question whether leaders are born or made).

