Dialog

Sally: Ok, well let's get rolling shall we? Noah's shift starts at five so we don't have all day... Now, we're all clear on the ground rules, right?

Group: Yeah... Sure thing.

Sally: Okay, so we need to come up with some ideas on how we can beef up sales and get more customers through the door. Any and all ideas welcome at this stage...

Noah: Well... here's a big one I think..., we don't currently have any kind of loyalty program. For example, maybe we have people sign up online and then we send them coupons. I think a loyalty program could work really well.

Sally: Okay, loyalty program... good... let me get some of that up here...

Melissa: Um, just to add to what Noah said about the whole online idea, I think we really underutilize social media. I mean, we've got quite a few friends on Facebook and a ton of Twitter followers. But we haven't really leveraged those relationships.

Noah: Yeah, that's true. And there are companies out there that can help us generate buzz.

Sally: Right. Social... media... Great stuff. Anyone else?

Eric: Talking about relationships and such... One idea might be to partner more with other merchants in the area.

Sally: Okay... could you be a bit more specific Eric? What kind of thing do you have in mind?

Eric: Well, think about the salon next door. They want to provide a complete experience for their customers right? Well, they could be serving our coffee. And other stuff too.

Sally: Okay. So... "partnering with other merchants." Though just to keep our scope clear here, that's not exactly about increasing in-store sales. Am I right there?

Eric: Not directly, no. But indirectly for sure. Those customers... and it's not just the salon, but it's all the other shops around here too. If their customers have a chance to try our products, then many would make their way in later.

Sally: Okay... I see what you're saying. Great ideas so far. Let's see what else we can come up with here. And... Melissa? You have something?

***********************

Vocabulary

To get rolling: to start an activity; 
"With only a month to finish the new database, we need to get rolling as soon as possible."

Shift: a period of work time; 
"Workers at the mill do two weeks of night shifts followed by two weeks of day shifts."

To not have all day: if you say you "don't have all day," you mean that you don't have time to wait or delay; 
"Listen Dave, we don't have all day here. Could you skip ahead to your final recommendations on this?"

Ground rules: the basic rules about participant behavior for a meeting or activity;
"All right, let's lay out some ground rules for this planning session: first, I'd like everyone to turn their cell phones to vibrate..."

"Sure thing:" we say "sure thing" to agree with someone's opinion or suggestion; 
"A: Gail do you think you could poll the staff to find out the best day for a meeting?
B: Sure thing. I'll do that as soon as I'm back from lunch."

To come up with: to think of, especially for ideas, solutions, and plans; 
"Marketing really needs to come up with a new approach for our luxury products. They're just not selling well enough."

To beef up: to increase, or to make stronger or better; 
"Since the latest theft of company data, we've really beefed up our network security."

To get people through the door: to successfully convince customers to visit a store, shop, even, or other activity; 
"If you're planning a customer appreciation event, the best way to get people through the door is with food and prizes."

Stage: step, phase, or period of an activity; 
"Once we're done the project planning stage, we can get confirmation from the client and begin work."

Loyalty program: a marketing program that gives rewards to customers for their spending and encourages more spending; 
"The Gap's loyalty program includes emails to customers with coupons and invitations to promotional events."

To underutilize [ˌʌndə(r)ˈjuːtɪˌlaɪz]: to not use effectively or fully; 
"Gordon is a really smart guy and a great leader, and I think we're underutilizing him by keeping him in the research department."

To leverage: to use something to your advantage; 
"We need to leverage our relationships with government and push for some policy changes."

To generate buzz: to create public excitement or draw public attention to something;
"To really generate buzz about our big product launch, we need to use social media, radio, TV, and our professional networks."

"And such"="и т.д." --  and other similar things; 
"Our line of organic breakfast foods includes cereals, shakes, energy bars, and such."

Merchant: a person or business that buys and sells, often used to describe a small business; 
"The Business Improvement Association is a group of local merchants committed to making downtown a great place to do business."

To have something in mind: to know what kind of thing you want OR prefer, especially used in the question "what do you have in mind?" 
"A: I think our office would run more efficiently if we changed the layout. B: Okay, well, what kind of changes did you have in mind?"

Salon: салон красоты, парикмахерская -- a business where you can have your hair cut and styled; 
"With the success of our chain of salons, we're going to start producing our own line of hair products."

Complete experience: if a customer has a "complete experience," he or she has all needs or wants met; 
"Talon Hills resort offers a complete spa experience with massage, manicures, pedicures, skin treatments, and therapeutic pools."

"For sure:" definitely or of course; 
"A: Could you send me the minutes from the last meeting? 
B: For sure. I'll email them to you now."

"the minutes" (plural) = the written record of what was said at a meeting

To make your way in/into: to find and visit a store; 
"With the arrival of the cruise ship, a lot of international tourists will be making their way into our malls and stores."

To look into something: to investigate or do research on whether or not you should do something; 
"Relocating might be too expensive, but let me look into commercial real estate rates in the region and get back to you."

Testimonial: рекомендация, характеристика, рекомендательное письмо
-- a statement about how good something is, such as a person, business, or product; 
"Click on our website's testimonials link to find out what customers think about our new line of cleaning products."