get on like a house on fire
war room
I've heard you
I see you point, but
I caught your idea
I got you 
May I interrupt/interfere you
MAy I jump in here
compatible - совместимый; сочетаемый
social media
objective
i see what you're saying

INVITE IDEAS:
let's get rolling 
all ideas are welcomed at the stage
anyone else
any more ideas here 
let's see what else we can come up with here

BUILD ON OTHER PEOPLE'S IDEAS:
let me add
just to add to what Peter said
talking about ...
regarding
continuing on the topic of .. I think ..
for example, for instance
I mean ..

POLITENESS:
we're all clear on the ground rules
yeah, that's true
could you please be a bit more specific
great ideas so far
just to keep out scope clear
am I right here
If I'm not mistaken
could/would/might
+------------------
they are staying 4 days
robots are being built
we will rent a house near the Naroch == 
lake Naroch = только для озера без артикля the
The Svisloch, the river Svisloch
--------------------
ударение на 2й слог: hotEl evEnt
--------------------

The purpose of the meeting this afternoon is to
What we need to achive today is to
Our objective here is to 
I suggest we brainstorm the problem
I suggest brainstorming the problem
That's great 
That's the best idea I've heard for a long time
Don't hold back = Don't stop = Don't keep silent
Say what comes to mind
At this stage we want all your ideas
You're absolutely right because
------------------------------------
1.	to be seduces by - соблазнять, to be attracted
2.	to become a powerhouse - to become a leader
3.	deliberate - carefully planned / think then do
4.	to be anchored - tired up / linked / attached / 
5.	a signature product - key product
6.	to take smth back to basics - to be traditional / to the very beginning
7.	to be intent on doing smth - to be determined / to be focused on smt
8.	to aspire to - to want, to desire / line&want to do / really wanted
9.	to communicate smth - to spread, to share
10.	relentlessly - continuously, without interruption, non stop, w/o puases, w/o losing motivation
11.	a distinction - different feature, [отличительная] особенность, отличительный признак
12.	a competitor - соперник, rival
13.	to lay the groundwork for - to prepare, подготавливать почву, заложить основу для
14.	to dilute  - make weaker / dilute the price
	1. разведённый, разбавленный
	2. 1) ослабленный, слабый; обескровленный
	2) смягчённый, приглушённый (о цвете)
	
15.	to account for (something) - что-то составляет какую-то часть чего-то
	1. to form a particular amount or part of something:
 	/Afro-Americans account for 12% of the US population.
	2. to be the reason why something happens SYN explain:
 	/Recent pressure at work may account for his behavior.
	3. to give a satisfactory explanation of why something has happened or why you did something SYN explain:
 	/Can you account for your movements on that night?
	4. to say where all the members of a group of people or things are, especially because you are worried that some of them may be lost:
 	/Three days after the earthquake, more than 150 people had still to be accounted for.