What is about accepting their offer?
Why don't we meet tomorrow?
Maybe we should order more spare parts?
Perhaps we could promote Peter.
Have you ever thought about hiring more people?
I believe we should consider installing new software.
It might be beter off continuing the course.
It might be beter to continue ..
You would better perform this task now.=You'd better perform..
You would be better off performing this task now.
It might prove useful to collaborate with this company.
I recommend you to break the ice first.
I recommend breaking the ice first.
I suggest you to be more polite.
I'd rather teach english.

operate - main activity
to specialize (active form) - Company specializes in..
to employ - Company employs 10 people.
headquarters = можно 2 варианта: множ. и един. число
Headquarters is (placed) in..
to headquarter = Company is headquartered in Amsterdam.

- What do you do for a living?
- I make living as a teacher.

What did Google specialize in?
When was G founded?
Who founded the company?
Where do G headquarter?
How long have you been working for G ? = важен период работы
How long have you worked for G ? = просто инфа, что работал.
Why did you decide to join G ?
When did you learn about G ? = When + PastSimple
What is your occupation ?
What are you in charge of ?

STALE VERBS

в present perfect всегда есть связь с настоящим.
когда в настоящем говорят о вещах, которые произошли в прошлом, то ис-ют:
I had + V3 == I had never thought..

It's worth a try
It's worth trying
I'm having a problem with my future assessment process
А если добавить период - то можно ис-ть pres.perf.cont.
I've been having a problem with .. since last week.

What about doing smt
how about doing smt
maybe we should do
perhaps we could do
have you ever thought about/of doing
I believe we should condider doing
you might be better off doing
it might be better to do
I propose doing - лучший вариант
I propose to do - если о будущем
I'd recommend doing
I'd recommend to do
I suggest doing - если это рекомендация
I suggest you do it - рекомендация или предложение
have you tried doing - о прошлом
try to do it - о будущем
And you try to smoke - попробуй..
If I were you I'd do
It might prove useful to do = It's useful to do
why don't we do it ?
но в разговорном можно: why not do it?