to put it in a nutshell - короче говоря (...), вкратце, резюмируя все сказанное, Сказать в двух словах о, Если говорить кратко.

to get straight to the point - сразу перейти к делу 
\Let's not speak about secondary issues and get straight to the point.

to hear it on the grapevine -  подслушать (идиома), случайно услышать, До меня дошел слух
\I heard something on the grapevine - are you going to resign?

to put someone in the picture - информировать (кого-л.)
to give someone the information that they need to understand something

to get the wrong end of the stick -  совсем не так понять
a complete misunderstanding of a situation, explanation, etc

to be on the same wavelength - одинаково смотреть на вещи, понимать друг друга, найти общий язык, думать схожим образом, разделять взгляды к-л.

make head or tail of - понять (что-л.) разобраться в (чем-л.), 
(used with a negative) to attempt to understand (a problem, etc.)
can't make head nor tail of it/smth - to not be able to understand something
\he couldn't make head or tail of the case

to talk at cross-purposes - не понимать друг друга
at cross-purposes - conflicting; opposed; disagreeing.
-If two or more people are at cross purposes, they do not understand each other because they are talking about different subjects without realizing this:
\I think we've been talking at cross purposes - I meant next year, not this year.

to beat about the bush - ходить вокруг да около;
discuss a matter without coming to the point 
to avoid talking about what is important

to get it straight from the horse's mouth - из первоисточника, аутентичный, подлинный, от первого лица.
get straight from the horse's mouth - узнать (прямо) из первых уст 

to be like talking to the brick wall - 


to keep someone in the loop
keep in the loop - держать в курсе, информировать
in (or out of) the loop -> aware (or unaware) of information known to only a privileged few

*****
air your views - express your opinions about something in public

be at a loss for words - unable to say anything because something surprising or totally unexpected has happened.
неспособный подобрать слова, молча, не смея ничего сказать, без единого слова
not knowing what to say, especially because you are very surprised or shocked

drop a hint - make a suggestion in an indirect way
намекнуть, give a hint or hints as if casually or unconsciously

give somebody the low-down - tell somebody all the information they want or need to know

keep somebody up to date - give somebody regular information about things

******

get along with - 
	ладить (get on, get along with, cope, click, rub along, do with)
    уживаться (get on, get along with, agree, rub along, get on with, cotton)
    быть в хороших отношениях (be on good terms, get along with, stand in with)

be up the creek (without a paddle) - 
	его дело табак, to be in a difficult situation
	(If we don’t get this contract, we’re up the creek!)

get on/along (well) with - 
get along - 1 - 
	1) (often foll by with) to be friendly or compatible
	/my brother gets along well with everybody
	2) to manage, cope, or fare
	/how are you getting along in your job?
	3) (also preposition; often imperative) to go or move away; leave
	4) an exclamation indicating mild disbelief
get along - 2 - 
	1. if two or more people get along, they have a friendly relationship:
 	/We’ve always got along quite well.
	/They seem to get along with each other.
	2. to deal with a job or situation or to make progress:
 	/How’s Sam getting along at university?
 	/Don’t worry, we’ll get along without you.
	3. (I must)/I’d better be getting along -
	[spoken] used to say that it is time for you to leave, for example because you have something else to do

*****
it takes all sorts (to make a world) -
	1)used for saying that you find someone’s behaviour surprising or strange but you will accept it
	2)said to emphasize that people have different characters, opinions and abilities, and that you should accept this
	/‘I love rainy days!’ ‘Well, it takes all sorts.’

get away with sth - 
	to succeed in avoiding punishment for something:
	/get away with weak excuses
	//usually when I turn left I get away with paying a fine for crossing a solid line.
	/If I thought I could get away with it, I wouldn't pay my taxes at all.
	/By jumping over the barriers, he got away without paying for a ticket.
	/Everyone thinks he's guilty of the robbery, but it looks like he's going to get away with it.
	/It's time they put a stop to his bad behaviour. He's been getting away with it for too long.
	/She's determined that her students will not get away with plagiarism.
	/That's such an old trick. I can't believe he gets away with it.

pitch smth to smb - 
	/putch an idea to a customer
	/putch products to people
