page 10

to put it in a nutshell
	to give the main facts in a short, clear way
	/The new organogram is very complicated, but to put it in a nutshell. we still report to the same manager.

to get straight to the point
	to talk about most important things
	/OK, I'll get straight to the point. I'm afraid it's the last time we're going to miss a deadline

to hear it on the grapevine /ˈɡreɪpvaɪn/
	to hear about smt bacause the information has bee passed from one person to another in converstion
	/ I heard on the grapevine that he's been fired. Is it true?

to put someone in the picture
	to give the latest information
	/A lot happened whole you were on holiday. Let me put you in the picture.

to get the wrong end of the stick
	to not understnd something
	/I'm afraid that it isn't right. If you think our biggest problem is commenication, then you have the wrong end of the stick.

to be on the same wavelength
	to share similar opinions and ideas
	/Paola and I agree on most things. We seem to be on the same wavelength.

can't make head nor tail of it/smth
	to fail to understand anything
	/This document from our subsidiary makes no sense at all. I can't make head nor tail of it.

to talk at cross-purposes
	to not understand someone 
	/I think we are talking at cross puproses. I mean next week, not this week.

to beat about the bush
	to delay talking about smt
	/He never gives you a stright answer. He's always beating about the bush.

to get it straight from the horse's mouth
	to be told smt by someone who has direct knowledge of it
	/The company is going bankrupt. The CEO told me himself. I heard it straight from the horse's mouth

to be like talking to the brick wall
	to try to communicate with an unresponsive person
	/I've tried to get me supplier to give us a discount several times, but they just won't. It'like talking to the brick wall.

to keep someone in the loop
	to include someone in group communication
	/I'll need regular update about the progress of the project. I'll also need to know what's going on when I'm away. Please keep me in the loop.

