transcripts here
E:\English\_market leader DVD\DATA\video_scripts\unit11CB.xml

1 What don't you like about our new safety regulations?
2 What specifically do you not like about our new safety regulations?
The answer is probably question 2, as the word specifically will force the speaker to provide more detail.
Using words like specifically, exactly, just, in detail, may help elicit a more specific response as well as more details about the claims being made.

1) Just when did you inform the public?
2) When exactly did you recall the product?
3) What specifically caused the food to get contaminated?
4) How much money exactly did you allocate for the crisis?
5) Could you tell me in detail how this crisis is likely to affect your hygiene and safety regulations?
6) Could you tell me in detail how you plan to avoid such problems in the future?


Generalisations like We always/never do it like that, Everyone/No one does it like that, or We must/should/can't do it like that, etc. tend to stop the discussion. There are times when it can be very useful to challenge such bold assertions.
Listen to how this can be done.
1A: Our employees are not interested in first aid training.
B: What evidence do you have for that statement?
2A: We must not let the media know about this incident.
B: What would happen if we did?

Much has been written about safety at work. Nevertheless, it still often remains an area of employment where the attitude taken is that 'accidents happen to others'. Yet there are many good reasons to suggest that much more attention should be paid to health and safety issues.
Firstly, far too many employees are killed or injured each year as a direct result of their work.
Secondly, managers can be prosecuted, fined, or even jailed if it is found that they do not provide adequate safety standards.
Thirdly, any employee who suffers injury or ill health caused by or at work can make claims against the employer for negligence. As a result additional costs may be incurred because of sick pay, lost production, etc.
Finally, companies with poor safety records soon have their reputation damaged with customers, shareholders, and even the local community.

The best thing you can do when you have a crisis on your hands is to remain as responsive as possible and cooperate fully with the authorities. If you are not completely sure what you are talking about, resist the temptation to give out information just for the sake of seeming cooperative. Make sure you have facts to deliver, and not just a vacuum to fill. Always remember to focus on the people affected by the crisis. If there are victims, their families will need to be informed, comforted and looked after. Money might need to be made available to solve urgent issues. If you do not deal adequately with the provision of information or the people affected by the crisis, your company's reputation might be seriously or even fatally damaged.

last task: Paul Gower's Advertising Agency: D E B A F C