We guarantee we will deliver the goods within 24 hours if customers (1) order online. However, our computer system crashed this morning and unfortunately, we won't be able to meet that promise for all of our customers today. The problem is that we lost last night's orders. The warehouse would have received these this morning if the system (2) hadn't crashed. (3) Had this not happened the warehouse would have been able to deliver all the goods on time. I think the problem is that our IT staff don't have enough training. If we sent our staff on courses more regularly, we (4) wouldn't have these recurring problems. The computer engineer said he couldn't come until this evening. Luckily Jim, one of our operatives, stepped in and he's a bit of computer geek. (5) Were it not for him, the computers would have been down all day. So (6) providing he can solve all the problems, we'll be up and running this evening. We'll have to work all night, to get the backlog of orders out to our customers. I (7) would be very grateful if all staff could help us out here. (8) Unless you can work all through the night, we'll lose a lot of customers. Tell me what you need to work all night and we (9) will give it to you. (10) Should you have any questions, please contact me immediately!


The handling of a crisis is vital to a company's success. It needs to be able to (11) predict what kind of crises could occur, and then (12) set up a crisis management team whose job it is to deal with any unexpected events which could ruin the company. The team must develop (13) contingency plans for each of the potential crises and should be able to react quickly. The speed of (14) response is key to keeping the public on a company's side. When something goes seriously wrong, senior managers should arrange a press (15) conference to speak to the media as soon as possible, to show that they are on top of the situation. Of course sometimes the crisis is so serious that there is the threat of legal (16) action being taken against the company. If a company knows that it is at fault, it is best to make an admission of (17) liability at the earliest possible opportunity, in order to limit the (18) damage done to its reputation. Companies can suffer a huge loss of customer (19) confidence immediately there is negative publicity. It is very important to (20) reassure the public that this is a one-off problem.

