1) When investment costs for a company are quite high: fairly significant capital cost
2) What shareholders must bear, which means they could lose all their money: full business risk
3) When there are a lot of shareholders, rather than just a few: dispersed shareholder base
4) Where you can go to borrow money in the form of bonds, but you don't know who owns them: public debt markets
5) Where you can get capital, other than in the public markets: private markets
6) Ways in which shareholders can make decisions about a company: shareholder control features
7) The people who run a company: executive management

1) investors who now have such a large choice of things to invest in (6 letters) spoilt
2) investors who want a quick return (5 letters-7 letters) short-termist
3) the speed with which investment decisions can be made (10 letters) incredible
4) loans that can be bought and sold between banks, investors, etc. (8 letters) tradable
5) loans that are not bought and sold (6 letters) 

1) There's no way we can invest in your project in its present form.
Unfortunately, we couldn't invest in your project in its present form.
2) We must talk about start-up costs first.
Maybe we should talk about start-up costs first.
3) We want some additional collateral.
Could you offer some additional collateral?
4) We won't lower our interest rate.
I'm afraid that's the lowest rate we can offer.
5) You must try to bring in another backer.
Is there any possibility you could bring in another backer?

1) When will you be in a position to repay the overdraft?
2) Let's go over what we've agreed so far, then.
3) Can I comment on that? I think we must look for other sources of finance.
4) Do you have a cash flow problem?
5) Can you repay the loan in four instalments?

1 A: Do you think you'll be able to break even in two years?
 B: Well, maybe, erm, that really depends on the market.
2 A: So exactly how many backers will you be able to find?
 B: Can I get back to you on that one?
3 A: Will you accept payment by instalments?
 B: We'll think about that.
4 A: We'd like to know why the overdraft hasn't been repaid yet.
 B: I'll look into that.
5 A: How much will you need for start-up costs?
 B: Well, I don't know really.
6 A: So we're all agreed on the collateral, then?
 B: Hold on a minute.

A special word order is used in the six sentences in order to: add emphasis. >>
1) Rarely do banks agree to arrange loans over the telephone.
2) Not once did he tell them he had requested a massive loan.
3) Never before  have so many people asked for a loan for cosmetic surgery.
4) Under no circumstances should we extend their credit.
5) On no account should you take out a loan if you know you can't afford the repayments.
6) At no time in the history of their company did they end up becoming very dependent on lenders.

Banks and other financial institutions with offshore bases in low-tax territories have begun writing to their clients for making them aware of a little-publicised European Union savings directive, expected to come into force in July.
Under the directive, financial institutions and in EU member states will be required to hand over to the relevant tax authority an information about savings income received by EU individuals not resident in the country where the account is held.
The information will be handed to the tax authority where the account of holder is resident so that it can be compared with what has been declared on their domestic tax returns.
Payments affected include interest on bonds, savings of certificates, term deposits, current accounts and savings accounts. Other types of income, including company dividends, pensions and rents are not considered to be savings income.
The Inland Revenue says the directive – which may only applies to individuals and not companies and most trusts – will have any little impact on those who legitimately declare their savings income received outside the UK.

Dear Mr Debacker,
We regret to have to remind you that payment of the following invoice is now 30 days overdue. 
As we have never had occasion to send you a reminder before, we assume that this is just an oversight on your part.
Could you please arrange for payment to be made within a week.
Yours sincerely,