A: Sarah, I hear you're from Australia?
B:  That's right, yeah. I live in Bendigo, northwest of Melbourne.
A: Melbourne! You must find our weather pretty dismal, then.
B: (It's all right)It's alright. Actually, I didn't expect so much sunshine here. Have you ever been to Australia?
A:  No, no, but I might someday. You see, I'm into alternative sources of energy, and I've heard a lot about Australian research into agricultural technology …
B: … That's a rapidly growing area, isn't it?
A: Yes. It certainly is. How about you? Are you in the agrotech business as well?
B: No, no, not at all. I'm an accountant, but I was made redundant last year. So now my brother and I are working on a project together.
A: Mm, that sounds interesting. What sort of project is that? 
B: Well, he works as a consultant in the tourist industry, and we both love Australia. And one day we identified a gap in the market…

A: So, Stanley, what about you? Where do you come from?
B: I'm from Canada, actually.
A: Really? Whereabouts in Canada?
B: Edmonton. That's in Alberta, in western Canada.
A: What a coincidence! I spent three months at the University of Calgary a couple of years ago …
B: A small world, some say. Were you there on a course?
A: That's right, yes. They do an excellent intensive management training course.
B: So I've heard. And how did you like Canada?
A: I really had a great time in sunny Alberta! How about you, by the way? What line are you in?
B: Accountancy. Sounds boring, doesn't it?
A: You certainly don't look bored! What's it like?
B:The work is alright and the atmosphere is absolutely brilliant. We're a smallish company – there're only 30 of us.
A: Nice people?
B: Extremely. And we're all very committed to the company.

1The ability of something to continue for a long time is its sustainability.
2A person or thing that gives you new ideas for something you do is your inspiration.
3The amount of crops that you obtain from land is its yield between them.
4The possible success, profit, etc. that you might get from something is its potential.
5If you look at one part of a situation, which has many parts, you look at a particular aspect of it.
6The way you make money to live, or the money itself, is your livelihood.
7The people and organisations that you work with on a project are your partners.

noun	adjective
benefits	beneficial
pride	proud
ethics	ethical
privilege	privileged
power	powerful
empowerment	empowered

