A: What do you think damaged our relations with Oxaco?
B: Well, I'd say communication problems certainly soured them a bit.

1A: Their firm has developed  considerably. 
B: Yeah. They've certainly managed to build up a good business over the years.
2A: Getting rid of those trade barriers should cement  the friendship between our countries.
B: Absolutely. There's nothing like trade to strengthen relations.
3A: It's good to hear that they're thinking of resuming  diplomatic relations, isn't it? 
B: Yes. That's great. Restoring relations is probably the best decision.
4A: The key question is, how can we encourage  cooperation between our organisations?
B: Definitely. We need to find ways to foster cooperation.
5A: I'm afraid lack of communication is now jeopardising  our relations. 
B: I agree. I think it's really undermining future cooperation.
6A: I hear Riel Engineering has broken off  relations with its main distributor.
B: To be honest, I wonder what took them so long to sever relations with such an unreliable distributor.

1 To do business with someone, first you should try to   a rapport.
2 Their repeated interventions disrupted the whole meeting.
3 Japan is trying to cultivate a much warmer relationship with China.
4 China's desire to maintain a solid relationship with the US has been the anchor of its foreign policy for several decades.
5 Thanks to its sponsorship of various cultural events, the company enjoys very good relations with the local community.
6 With a view to fostering economic prosperity, the European Union has launched an initiative to establish closer relations with a number of ex-Soviet states.

1A: Do you think our new agent is reliable?
B: Absolutely. I know you can count on her to boost sales.
2A: I'm really glad I'll be able to go to the Frankfurt conference.
B: Me, too. I'm very much looking forward to seeing you there.
3A: Those new models have really saved the factory from closure, haven't they? 
B: Yeah. They've turned the company round.
4A: Do you socialise with them?
B: Well, we usually meet up for lunch on Thursdays.
5A: The negotiation was a great success.
B: Yes. Things worked out pretty well in the end.
6A: Have you checked the report?
B: Yes. I went over it yesterday.
7A: I suppose you all stood up when the CEO arrived?
B: No. In fact everyone carried on working as if nothing had happened.
8A: Hi Jeff. Igor here. Have you arrived at the hotel yet? 
B: Hi Igor. Yes, I'm just checking in now.
9A: Was everyone on time? 
B: Almost everyone. Hans turned up late as usual.
10A: Is guanxi an old concept, then? 
B: Oh yes. It goes back thousands of years.

1 How do you  do?
2 Where do you  come from?
3 Did you   have a good trip?
4 What do you do in your spare time?
5 Would you like me to call a taxi?
In informal speech, do you  is often pronounced /djə/ or /dʒe/. Did /Could /Would you  are often pronounced /dɪdə/, /kʊdjə/, /wʊdjə/ or /dɪdʒə/, /kʊdʒə/, /wʊdʒə/.
You may choose not to use such weak forms and contractions yourself, but being aware of them will help you understand native speakers better.

Our expanding customer base  is one of the things we are very proud of.
We're having the meeting at the internationalbusinessdevelopmentcentre
You need to complete the travelinsuranceclaimform immediately.
The amazingsalesfigures last month cheered everyone up. last month cheered everyone up.
We have just signed the mostbrilliantsponsorshipdeal
We are now the leaders in the fiercelycompetitivemobilephonemarket.
The highlyconfidentialsalesreport is missing. We can't find it anywhere.
We thought it was a reallyinterestingadvertisingcampaign.
We've set up a new customerservicesdepartment to deal with the initial problems.
The feature innovative product seem to appeal to our customers.

11We have drawn up a marketing plan for the new product.
12It's important to get feedback from the focus group. If they don't like the product we'll have to make the changes very quickly.
13I think that if we have special offers on all our products in October, it'll help sales and focus people's minds on the brand.
14We believe we've found a niche market which no one else has spotted yet.
15We are sending out free samples of our new product to everyone in our database so they can try it.
16They are in the business of designing some of the world's most famous luxury brands.
17You have to adapt all levels of the marketing mix to the different countries and regions you are in.
18We're going to have to make savings on our raw material costs. Can we find alternative, cheaper suppliers?
19They're changing the image of their product to appeal to all age groups to gain maximum market penetration.
20Our market segmentation is based on the income levels of our potential customers.

A:The purpose of the meeting today is to discuss ideas for the new advertising campaign. What we need to (21) achieve today is a reasonable idea of the storyboard. So I'd like to (22) brainstorm. Don't (23) hold back. Say whatever (24) comes to mind. Bob, have you got any ideas?
B:Well, yes, I have actually. I thought we could use university students to give an idea of intelligence, and aspiration.
A: That (25) sounds great. We could base it all around a group of university students. Anyone (26) else got any ideas? At this (27) stageI want all your ideas, (28) howevercrazy you think they are.
C:That's the best idea I've (29) heard in a long time. Our target market is aspiring young people. My only concern is that it might alienate the slightly older business exec as we're also targeting them. So why don't we follow three students, say, from graduation to starting their first jobs?
B:That's an excellent (30) suggestion. And then we could end with them becoming CEOs who are still using our products in the future.
A: Fantastic. Taking our products into the future with successful people. Let's go with that.