.+\[<p align="left">(.+)</p>]]></text>
$1\n

[00:00]How can businesses build successful teams?

[00:03]The key thing with a team is that it is really just a group of people working towards a common goal. The leader’s role in a team is to make sure that goal is well understood and is clear and then to encourage people along the way as they work towards that objective. Where necessary, steer them back on track if they veer off, but a team is really a group of people who are feeling enthusiastic towards achieving the same objective and they are feeling encouraged by their leader throughout.

[00:31]Can you give us some examples of companies that you have helped?

[00:35]Yeah, we work in a variety of sectors, including pharmaceuticals, telecoms, banking, retail. The issues that they have are very common. Communication is always an area of challenge, more so now because as people have got hi-tech communication devices, they have conversations but they are conversations with a subject heading.

[00:59]So they are responding to an e-mail with a subject heading or they are having a discussion in a meeting to a set subject. What is harder is for people to find time to have those more spontaneous conversations, which explore new opportunities.

[01:11]And so, part of our role is to take people from their normal work environment and to give them the opportunity to have meaningful, significant conversations about what they want to achieve as a team and the strengths that each individual brings to that team.

[01:27]So, in addition to communication, we spend a lot of time helping people to discover their area of strength and their contribution to the team. So, there are a number of ways of splitting up the roles and the behaviours that people perform in a team.

[01:41]But, in simple terms, we have people who are the leaders, and that's self-explanatory - they take a leading role, either because they are appointed to that position or simply because they are natural leaders and they have a leading style in the way they do things. There are creative people who solve problems either by being creative as we would expect insomuch as they have random ideas and they are able to really think outside of the box. But there are also those who solve problems creatively, but using analysis and research. So, they are the creators. We have the leaders and the creators. 
We also have the "gluers" and they are the people who pull the team together. So, they are people who are motivated by a relationship and they are keen to ensure that people are feeling good in the team and they are looking after some of the pastoral needs of the team. They are the sort of person who might arrange for a lunch out or arrange the Christmas party, will ensure on someone’s birthday they are given a card - an essential part of a team, which is often overlooked.

[02:39]And finally, there are the doers and they are the people who like to look at process and project management, ensure that things are done on time and to a level of accuracy and quality. It is that mix of those four types that makes a team really effective.

[02:55]So, one of the things we do is analyse the team that exists and say, "Well, where are the gaps?" Or, "Are you biased one way or the other?" And, for certain roles, that's OK - it is quite good to have an analytical team if their role is, say, financial. Where analysis is important.

[03:12]Do attitudes to team-working vary in different countries?

[03:17]To some degree and, I think, attitudes to the way in which teams are developed and led varies. So, in the West, certainly in the United States and, increasingly, in Europe – but the United States is probably leading the way - we're very open to an empowered form of leadership where someone is given an instruction and then really allowed to get on with that and do it the way they want to do it without too much interference. And people are allowed to do the work that they do in their way, more so than in developing countries, such as India and China, where there is more of a command-and-control approach. There are very specific instructions and people work to those instructions.

[04:01]I don’t know that either one is better than the other, but there is a difference in leadership styles and, consequently, the way in which a team is led and behaves. And the expectations of the team members in terms of their relationship with the team can vary from place to place.

