! - wrong, mistake
Recently it (1)has been discovered (discover) that over 65% of employees are not satisfied with their jobs. This is a worrying figure for HR managers. Many surveys (2)have been conducted (conduct) over the past few years by companies and individuals. The most common methods which (3)!were used (use) are exit interviews, feedback from employee performance reviews and conducting employee attitude surveys. The reasons which (4)!was usually given (usually give) for this dissatisfaction are varied and many. This situation needs to (5)!be dealed (deal) with by HR departments.
During the current economic downturn, which, in the past few months (6)!have been compared (compare) to the Great Depression of 1929, job security (7)!was put (put) at the top of employee dissatisfaction lists. It (8)is widely known (widely know) that staff who are dissatisfied with their jobs are more likely to leave their companies.
Of course, such external forces or trends affect an organisation in a variety of ways and these need to (9)be identified (identify) in order to develop goals and train employees. In a report published last week, using their skills and abilities (10)!were ranked (rank) among the top five most important things for job satisfaction, so managers will have to work on challenging their staff with appropriate tasks if they want to keep them.

11 The staff took industrial action when management refused to increase their pay.
12 The factory workers went on strike because the working conditions were so bad.
13 The fringe benefits with this job are fantastic.
14 There are a lot of perks being a senior manager, such as gym membership, use of the company club and so on.
15 He got a golden handshake when he left the company.
16 His severance payment was quite large by industry standards.

17We've made an assessment(assess) of the damage done and it's not as bad as we first thought.
18I'm not looking forward to my staff appraisal(appraise) this year as I know I haven't performed particularly well.
19Many people put empowerment(empower) near the top of their satisfaction lists.
20I get a lot of satisfaction(satisfy) from seeing my customers happy.

A:Hans Schecken speaking.
B:Hello Mr Shecken. Dolores Eigen (21)suggested I call you.
A:What's this about?
B:She thought you (22)might be interested in a position which has become vacant at Interstate Bank.
A:I'm quite happy where I am, thank you.
B:People (23)often say that to me but they change their mind when (24)they hear what I've got to say.
A:Well it would have to be a really good offer to interest me.
B:Interstate (25)are offering a top salary package. I'm sure you'd find it more than satisfactory.
A:Are they now?
B:Would (26)you like to know the salary range?
A:Why not?
B:It's (27)well into 6 figures and they give substantial bonuses well (28)above industry average.
A:Sounds interesting.
B:Why (29)don't we get together so I can give you more details and if you're still interested we can (30)take it from there.