1Vic Wurzel arrived at Chapman Laney during a crisis.
2Chapman Laney was originally a corporate advisor.
3Chapman Laney had problems because it took too many risks.
4When he arrived, Wurzel hired 500 employees.
5Chapman Laney was founded in 1954.
6Wurzel wants to decrease the risk his company takes.
7From 2003 to 2006, the company was trying to achieve spectacular profits.
8The company lost $3.5bn in 2007.
9Chapman Laney's situation improved after it took over Roberts Ferguson.
10Wurzel says that opportunities like the Roberts Ferguson takeover are unusual.

21Bev is an excellent salesperson because she's very persuasive.
22The customer profile is a description of the type of person who we expect to use the product.
23The fire at our distribution centre disrupted our ability to fill customer orders.
24One reason that the brand is so successful may be its world-famous logo.
25Bob didn't want to leave the job, but he was satisfied with the generous severance payment when he finally had to go.
26You can't eliminate risk but you can significantly reduce it in most cases.
27The employees really respect Adrian because he's supportive, inspiring, and considerate.
28We're having cashflow problems because some of our debtors haven't paid the money they owe us.
29The most successful customer service teams give refunds to customers who are dissatisfied and want to return a product.
30Roberts Logistics and Global Postal and Telecom have set up a joint venture to run a new business parcel courier and delivery service in northern Europe.

Business traveller: Long trips
A business trip of more than five days requires extra forethought and represents a bigger investment than a short stay. How do you ensure you don't come up short on your long trip?
(31) Plan your schedule
Think through the time assigned to the trip and what you hope to achieve. Get out your diary and plan. Alongside meetings that are fixed, you may find time to set up networking meetings – for instance, a lunch to get to know overseas colleagues and contacts better.
(32) Take the right technology
How often do you use various items? What is essential? "Many people now choose not to take laptops," says Ms Robertson. "They find, if they are at a conference for a week, a smartphone combined with the hotel business centre is enough." Use technology to stay in touch with the office, but resist the urge to micromanage.
(33) Keep fit
Investigate your destination for lighter eating choices and exercise options. Activity to offset a rich restaurant-food diet need not require a gym – a 30-minute walk in a suitable local park is enough.
(34) Pack efficiently
The hardened business traveller doesn't take anything that does not fit in an overhead locker, says Ms Robertson. If you are having meetings with different people and are prepared to use hotel laundry services, your outfits can do double or triple duty. If you run out of shirts or socks, you can always buy more.
(35) Take time to readjust
Finally, on your return, try not to go straight from the airport to the office; take time to reflect on the trip and what you learnt.
Meetings after flights
For many executives, the most difficult meeting is the one you turn up to straight from a long-haul flight. What is the best way to ensure you are at your best?
(36) Fly business, drink water
If ever there was a time to try to fly business, travelling with a meeting scheduled for when you arrive is it. A flat bed won't give you the best sleep ever, but you will sleep. Drink plenty of water but only a little alcohol and try to eat a light meal.
(37) Wear the right clothes
Personal branding consultant Louise Mowbray advises against travelling in what you will wear to the meeting. "At the very least, pack a fresh shirt and travel in a T-shirt. A fresh shirt makes a huge difference to how you feel in the morning," she says.
(38) Don't work on the plane
Use the flight to relax – an extra hour of work is unlikely to transform a presentation, but an extra hour's sleep will change your mood. If you need to refresh your memory, print your notes to read in the cab on your way to the meeting.
(39) No to make-up, yes to moisturiser and shaving
Women shouldn't put on cosmetics before they fly, as they will fall asleep in the dehydrating atmosphere of an aircraft with their make-up on. The combination is dreadful for your skin. Men should shave in the morning if possible, and both sexes should apply moisturiser.
(40) Use an arrivals lounge
A number of airports offer arrivals lounges, including Lufthansa's Welcome lounge at Frankfurt, British Airways' arrivals lounge at Heathrow and Hong Kong's pay-in arrivals lounge. You can shower and freshen up, so it pays to investigate facilities at your destination before you start your journey.

VW stuns markets with €1bn jump in profits
(41) Volkswagen surprises markets last Thursday by more than doubling its second-quarter operating profit. (42) The company also increased its cash reserves to a level described by one analyst as 'exception' high. (43) The German multi-brand carmaker said its operating profit in the second quarter had gone above by more than €1bn to almost €2bn. (44) The increase was causing by a 20 percent jump in revenues to €61.8bn. (45) The results were much better of analysts' forecasts. (46) Chief executive Martin Winterkorn said that first-half earnings was much higher than the company expected. (47) The German carmaker will overtake its Japanese rival Toyota as the world's largest carmaker by 2018 if everything will go according to plan. (48) VW warned of a slowdown in growth in the second half of the year, but they are still very optimistic of profit. (49) VW's chief financial officer, Hans Dieter Pötsch, said that the company believes sell revenue and operating profit will be significantly higher than last year's figures. (50) VW expects car sales rising partly because of strong growth in China.

VW stuns markets with €1bn jump in profits
(51) Volkswagen surprises surprised markets last Thursday by more than doubling its second-quarter operating profit. (52) The company also increased its cash reserves to a level described by one analyst as ('exception' 'exceptionally') high. (53) The German multi-brand car maker said its operating profit in the second quarter had (gone above grown up) by more than €1bn to almost €2bn. (54) The increase was causing caused by a 20 percent jump in revenues to €61.8bn. (55) The results were much better of than analysts' forecasts. (56) Chief executive Martin Winterkorn said that first-half earnings waswere much higher than the company expected. (57) The German carmaker will overtake its Japanese rival Toyota as the world's largest carmaker by 2018 if everything will go goes according to plan. (58) VW warned of a slowdown in growth in the second half of the year, but they are still very optimistic of about profit. (59) VW's chief financial officer, Hans Dieter Pötsch, said that the company believes (sell selling) revenue and operating profit will be significantly higher than last year's figures. (60) VW expects car sales (rising will rise) partly because of strong growth in China.