STRATEGIC ALLIANCES
As companies try to extend their reach, share risks or reduce costs, many of them decide to form strategic alliances. Considering that such alliances often fail, one may wonder whether this is due in part to a poor understanding of the management skills required to make them work.
According to a recent report, alliance managers have to be impartial. They must not be fiercely committed to one company or brand. They must be able to tolerate different ways of doing things, and they also need to be willing to take risks and let things happen.
The report points out that the challenges posed by alliances are different from mergers because they are temporary, involve shared ownership and have fewer formal structures and little hierarchy.
Furthermore, many alliances are between past or present competitors, so it is crucial to build trust. Accessibility, face-to-face contact and personal example are needed, and there is no place for hidden agendas.
It is also vital to know how to develop a cadre of employees, both specialists and managers, who are capable of working in various complex yet temporary alignments. This, according to the report, will become a key source of competitive advantage.


100% sure won't happen
GBG Holdings definitely won't set up a joint venture with SVC Bank.
Pegasus Airways isn't likely to sell its stake in Basead.
If the situation further deteriorates, there might be a market crash.
I think the new CEO will probably clash with the directors over business strategy.
Their recent acquisition is bound to lift share prices.
100% sure will happen

1There's a good chance that Karsten will benefit from the merger with SOC.
probably
Karsten will probably benefit from the merger with SOC.
2The merger will not take place.
chance
There's no chance of the merger taking place.
3Their quarterly results will worry shareholders.
bound
Their quarterly results are bound to worry shareholders.
4I'm sure the number of acquisitions won't increase significantly.
definitely
The number of acquisitions definitely won't increase significantly.
5Soribel will most probably become the dominant partner in the merger.
certain
Soribel is certain to become the dominant partner in the merger
6I don't think Komerzialna Banka will make a bid.
doubt
I doubt whether Komerzialna Banka will make a bid.
7Barclays said it most probably wouldn't bid for an investment bank.
unlikely
Barclays said it was highly unlikely to bid for an investment bank.

1) stake / retail / alliance* / takeover
2) earnings / merger / confirm / disappear*
3) manage / advantage / profit / engaged*
4) buyout / ambitious* / hostile / acquire
5) retailer / create / payment / foreign*
6) loan* / perform / board / launch

1) The next meeting won't be until March.
2) It'll boost our presence in Asia.
3) Analysts are forecasting that their broadband business will have signed up 50,000 new customers by the end of the year.
4) There are rumours that the French are about to ask for EU funds to bolster their ailing car industry.
5) Is it true they're going to sign a new agreement?
6) Sandra won't have time to come to the board meeting.
7) We expect this programme to take off in March or April when project offices will have been established.

1We'll do it for you.
2Nikola's going to resign.
3They won't be able to sell it.
4They're about to sell their stake.
5We're going to make a huge profit.
6They'll have beaten the competition.
7We aren't going to change our policy.
8They won't have finished until next Monday.

